Currently it is a need for the African Diaspora to have Reparations for the harsh treatment by other cultures; and for the African Diaspora to 
have commerce in the diaspora for their own economic development.
    21 billion Diaspora coins will be minted. Eleven billion will go to the Decentralized Autonomous Organization DOA and those who support the 
    initial development.
    Five billion are set aside for membership rewards. Five billion are for public domain. The goal is for the coin to be worth greater than or 
    equal to $1.50 usd per Reparations Coin.
    800k Reparations coins will be worth one Diaspora coin. A DOA and DEX will be built to be the native platform for the coins. We will start with a 
    Solidity Smart Contract on the Binnance Smartchain. Then as the finances come in and our DEX is built we will migrate to our own Blockchain. 
    Initially we want the Diaspora & Reparations coin to be paired with the Binance BNB coin. A liquidity pool will be set up pairing BNB with 
    Reparations Coin. 1 Reparations Coin = 0.0067675483 BNB. Those individuals, organizations and governments wishing to pay reparations to the African 
    Diaspora can  do so by providing liquidity to our liquidity pool. Reparations will be dispersed by the philanthropy of the DOA to 
    individuals and businesses in the Diaspora.


di·as·po·ra | dīˈasp(ə)rə | noun
• the dispersion or spread of a people from their original homeland

rep·a·ra·tion | ˌrepəˈrāSH(ə)n | noun
• the making of amends for a wrong one has done, by paying money to or otherwise helping those who have been wronged
• (reparations) the compensation for war damage paid by a defeated stat


There is a current need for Reparations from those that took part in the harsh treatment of the African Diaspora as well as the public acknowledgement of economic inequality and
harsh treatment of the diaspora brought on by other cultures. The “African Diaspora Coin” BUYS BLACK in a forward thinking structured pathway that
will assist in the community’s own economic development.
• 21 billion Diaspora coins will be minted
  •5 billion are set aside for membership rewards
  •5 billion are for public domain
•800k Reparations coins will be worth = 1 Dispora Coin
 (A DOA and DEX will be built to be the native platform for the coins.)
**The goal is for the coin to be worth greater than or equal to $1.50 usd per Reparations coin.**

Those individuals, organizations, and governments wishing to contribute reparations to the African Diaspora can do so by providing liquidity and
joining the DOA liquidity pool. Reparations will be dispersed by the PHILANTHROPY of the DOA to individuals and businesses in the DIASPORA
COMMUNITY.



